adds warning for 2fa users during org transfers (#22634)
github/docs: content/admin/user-management/managing-organizations-in-your-enterprise/adding-organizations-to-your-enterprise.md

After you add an existing organization to your enterprise, the organization's resources remain accessible to members at the same URLs, and the following changes will apply.

> - Organization users who do NOT use 2 factor authentication will be removed if 2FA is required by the Enterprise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If two-factor authentication (2FA) is required by the enterprise, organization members who do not use 2FA will be removed from the organization.
```

{% endnote %}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
